ARMTemplates:
-------------

1. what is IAC?
2. Why do we need IAC and what are the advantages 
3. What is the structure / componants of ARMTempltes 
4. what is the powershell command to deploy the ARMTemplates
5. what is the function used to deploy the multiple resources using ARMTemplates 
6. What is the difference between incremental and complete mode of deployment 
7. what is the difference between parameters vs variables

Terraform:
---------

1. what is terraform and why do we use it
2. what are the building block of terraform 
3. what is the lifecycle of terraform 
4. what are the commands used to deploy the terraform templates 
5. can you briefly explain what happens when you execute each command 
6. what is the difference between terraform validate vs terraform plan 
7. what is terraform.tfstate and why do we need it 
8. where do you store the statefile 
9. how to you secure the statefile
10. if the statefile is deleted, how to you recover 
11. on which stage/command the statefile is generated 
12. what is terraform backend 
13. what exactly happens when you do terraform plan and apply
14. what is the resource type used to deploy the Azure VM 
15. what are the data blocks/ datasources 
16. how do you refer the existing azure resources in your terraform configuration 
17. what are the terraform modules 
18. what are common challenges/issues that you have faced while working with terraform 
19. what is terraform drift --> terraform plan
20. what are terraform null resources 
21. what is terraform dynamic block and why do we use it
22. which terraform version you have used 
23. which terraform provider version you have used 
24. what is the terraform provider for azure
25. when you create a VM what are all the resource type configuration needed in terraform 
26. what are terraform provisioners 
27. how many types of terraform provisioners we have give some examples 
28. what are terraform workspaces 
29. what is terraform target 
30. what is the function we use to deploy the multiple resources in terraform 
31. what is the difference between count.index vs for_each 
32. what is the difference between variables.tf vs variables.tfvars
33. what is terraform import
34. how do you unlock your statefile is its in lock state

AzureDevops:
-----------
1. what is the process you are using for your project 
2. can you explain how the agile process will work 
3. what is version control and why do we need it
4. Is git centralised VC or districuted VC 
5. what is the git global config and why do we use it
6. what is the command to clone a remote repo to local 
7. what are git commands that you are aware 
8. what is the difference between git fetch vs git pull 
9. what is git cherry-pick 
10. what is the git branching strategy that you are following for you project 
11. what are the branching polices and what polices you have for your project 
12. what are git tags 
13. what is the command used to create a branch 
14. what is the command to delete a branch 
15. what is git log 
16. what are azure pipeline and why do we use it
17. what is the difference between microsoft hosted agent vs self hosted agent pools 
18. what is the service connection
19. what are the pre-requisites to setup a pipeline
20. explain the CI CD flow of your project
21. Tell me step by step how do you deploy a terraform via azure pipelines 
22. what is CI CD
23. what is the difference between continuous deployment vs continuous delivery 
24. what is library in azure pipelines 
25. how to you maintain secres in your pipeline
26. how do you integrate azure keyvault to your azure pipelines
27. can you explain the CI CD for Java application 
28. Can you explain the CI CD for .NET application 
29. what are the common challenges that you have come across in azure pipeline
30. can you explain the azure yaml pipeline structure 
31. How do you enable the CI and CD for you azure pipeline 
32. what are the best practices that you follow for azure pipelines 
33. how to create a self hosted agent pool, expaling step by step 
34. what is the structure of github actions workflow 
35. what is the difference between github hosted vs github self-hosted runners 
36. can you explain step by step how do you deploy the terraform using the github actions 
37. can you explain step by step how do you deploy a java application using github actions
38. how do you maintain the secres in github actions workflow
39. how to do enable approvals in github actions
40. what is the folder path for action.yaml file
